Add /operations/{id}/standardGeojson and /operations/cropOperationByF… (#179)
Leaf-Agriculture/docs: docs/operations_endpoints.md

---

> ### Get an operation standardGeojson

Reviewer: Talvez algo como:
```suggestion
### Get the standardGeojson of an operation
```
fique melhor?

</Tabs>

---

### Crop operation by field

&nbsp<span class="badge badge--warning">POST</span>  `/operations/cropOperationByField`

> This endpoint is responsible to remove points from the operation that are outside the field geometry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint can be used to remove points from the operation standardGeojson that are outside of the field geometry.
```

  const endpoint ='https://api.withleaf.io/services/operations/api/operations/cropOperationByField'
  const headers = { 'Authorization': `Bearer ${TOKEN}` }
  const data = { 'id': 'operationId' }

  axios.post(endpoint, { headers, data })
      .then(res => console.log(res.data))
      .catch(console.error)
  ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="py">

  ```py
  import requests

  TOKEN = 'YOUR_TOKEN'

  endpoint = 'https://api.withleaf.io/services/operations/api/operations/cropOperationByField'
  headers = {'Authorization': f'Bearer {TOKEN}'}

  data = {'id': 'operationId'}

  response = requests.post(endpoint, headers=headers, json=data)
  print(response.json())
  ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="sh">

  ```shell
  curl -X POST \
      -H 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_TOKEN' \
      -d '{ "id": "operationId"}' \
      'https://api.withleaf.io/services/operations/api/operations/{id}/operations/cropOperationByField'
  ```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

#### Response

Returns a single JSON object:

```json
{
    "id": "163982a0-d4e8-49a0-9572-9079e17f7c7d",
    "message": "Sent operation to be processed.",
    "leafFileId": "8924ca07-4168-4f15-83ec-37dd344888f6"
}
```

> You could monitor the processing using the `leafFileId` by our [Alerts Service][10].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You could monitor the processing status using the `leafFileId` by our [Alerts Service][10].
```
Is `leafFileId` correct in this case?
